filo pastry okay this is the main
character we got some pistachio you can
use walnuts if you want I like these
quite traditional honey sugar water and
vanilla of course beer butter melting
over here now a little cake tin now if
you haven't got one of these a metal
biscuit or cookie tin will do fine
so get your butt up a little brush this
is very important in case you don't it's
a stick you want it to get out nice and
easy
so just butter the Bob but other sides
right now this is probably the longest
part of the journey here so you got a
but one at a time very delicate it's
pretty much like a sweet lasagna does
there's and it just means layers so it's
pretty much going down that road right
so butter that each one must be buttered
okay so you look in eight layers then
your nuts do another eight layers didn't
you make a nice little honey dip now
phyllo pastry which actually comes from
Turkey takes ages it's a nightmare to
knock up from scratch so I've saved
myself to Baba
got mine down a supermarket right now
for the old pistachios so 1/2 cup so
just pulse it think that's about right
yeah just real rough a little look
that's perfect make sure you got an
extra bit of butter in this bit what is
the texture going in now with an applet
just sprinkle it all over just swirl it
around a bit now we're going to go on
with another 8 layers what you got to do
here is butter the top and then pop it
over okay because what happens you want
it to stick together otherwise it will
be loosed early just so it covers it up
we've got my sister coming around ok
later on I don't get to see my family a
lot cuz obviously being a chef you just
working all the time
ok she's got a little girl Mia this is
my little niece I'm very proud of so
it's really exciting when I do get to
see
and cook food for own stuff and I'm
hoping Chelsea might let her have a
nibble or one of these here we go
nearly done one more layout that's done
now I'm gonna I'm gonna score it now
okay so I want them to be about an inch
just looking promising so there we go
that's that done there okay now in the
oven 150 for a half an hour forty
minutes okay just keep an eye on it
right now that's cooking I'm going to
make the nice gooey syrup that binds all
together cabe sugar on water so the same
amount of water to sugar like the stock
syrup cinnamon stick in vanilla take all
the vanilla out of them so this is
beautiful Madagascan vanilla but put
even put the stalks in as well
honey I pray do a really nice generous
spoonful that okay cuz that's what's
gonna make it stick together we're gonna
bring it to the boil okay needs that for
about five minutes now right
that's been the longest half an hour of
my life I've got the syrup a little
stock syrup but a honey going on here
gonna use a spoon because from a high it
just drizzle it around ah listen to that
you can't get fresher than there that's
fantastic I'll just leave the cinnamon
and the vanilla in there right I'm going
to leave that to cool now okay so a
couple of hours would be great
you